Damn it, Su Yize
If it weren't for the bad century
Or I'll kill him with one punch
Brother Chen, I believe you are the best
It was only temporarily upstaged by a brother
But if I were given another chance
You can do it.
Still humble, you understand me
This damn Su Yizawa
Bad things happen to me twice
I don't know what to do.
He is always in front of me
I have a feeling of being restrained by him
Brother Chen, don't be discouraged.
By the way, I still have a chance to make a comeback
Not only can Zhang Ji
Shi and Zhang Xi'er were impressed by me
Resolve conflicts
Can you still make good friends with the Nie family?
Come with me
Young Master Su, you can even complete the incomplete ghost prescription
It seems that the rumors from the outside world cannot be fully believed
Hahaha brother Su
I want to ask you for medical advice
What the hell do I know?
I have read this book so many times
Just remember the prescription or something
I took you away when I trusted. Isn't it over yet?
I have a situation here.
Where are you? I'll pick you up